Nugizaka Club
I came back in December, and I was so cold in this winter.
Last year, I lived in an apartment building, and I slept lonely in a warm room with a big room.
What is it that I am dying for?
I am tired of the terrible life, and I am like a dead animal.
I lost everything, and I am like a dead animal.
I am like a bird that flies in the sky, and I am like a bird that disappears into the past.
I came back in December, and I was so cold in this winter.
I was so cold that I knocked on the door.
I was so sorry to see my mess, but I was so cold that I woke up in the room with a big room,
and I was able to sleep like a bear.
The sun is like a burning fire.
Like a beast, the sun is silent.
In the quiet sky of the city last night, this fire is burning beautifully.
The street is flowing with the spread of snow.
I want to destroy everything in the spring.
The mountains, the factory, the big building, the hope, the nutrition, the revival, the ambition, all of them are burning.
Like a beast, the sun is silent.
In the quiet sky of the city last night, this fire is burning beautifully.
Shota-ku region
I walked around the lonely Shota-ku region where the frogs were.
The sun was cold, and the thunders continued to the road.
I was like a beast, pulling my shoes, or visiting a sad black,
and I drowned in a terrible nightmare.
Aura, let us say goodbye.
You are the two of us in the fire of the sun.
You are a little girl, like a cat.
Under the grey sofa, you can always be like a clock.
Aura, my lonely heart.
Aura, even though we never meet again.